caf: buttons: Fix buttons hang on consumed wake_up_event (#6754)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    The module name can not be obtained from reference object directly, a helper function (:c:func:`module_name_get`) should be used instead.
  * Fixed the NCSDK-13058 known issue related to directed advertising in CAF.
  * Fixed NULL dereferencing in :ref:`caf_sensor_manager` during :c:struct:`wake_up_event` handling for sensors that do not support trigger.

>   * Fixed the NCSDK-13619 related to hanging buttons module in idle state if :c:struct:`wake_up_event` is consumed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fixed the NCSDK-13619 issue where :ref: `caf_buttons` module can hang in idle state if c:struct:`wake_up_event` is called on button press.
```

Author: I need to add an info that the event is latar consumed. Could it be:
```
* Fixed the NCSDK-13619 issue where :ref:`caf_buttons` module can hang in idle state if :c:struct:`wake_up_event` is submitted on button press and later consumed by any other module.
```
?

Reviewer: yes, this looks fine.
